Star Wars the older public offers RPG
gamers the chance to step into the
center of their own Star Wars saga so if
you love Star Wars and what a deep
exterior experience then start playing
now and get ready because something new
is on the way our fans have told us
exactly what they want in the future
more story Bioware style story with a
player driven arc where choices matter
and we've been listening today I'm proud
to announce that we are taking star wars
the old republic back to the roots of
bioware style storytelling with the
release of our new expansion Knights of
the Fallen Empire this is your story
your way and it's coming October 27 2015
Knights of the Fallen Empire puts you in
the center of the battle against a
dangerous new enemy faction you will
choose your path you will join or betray
companions old and new and you will make
choices that will shape the fate of the
entire galaxy as well as your own the
expansion will deliver on the hallmarks
of what makes a great Bioware game new
worlds to explore new companions to
recruit and a dynamic story that players
will be able to shape based on the
choices they make and an appreciation of
our players support over the years
Knights of the Fallen Empire will be
free to all of our subscribers I'll
leave you with a first look at the story
of knights of the Fallen Empire thank
you and may the force be with you a man
if he's willing to sacrifice
that's a massive new expansion from
bioware and the first Star Wars game we
will show you today star wars
battlefront comes a little later but
there's a lot more to get to first
across eh studios we are all creators
it's a role we take very seriously to
imagine build and deliver the
experiences that will inspire and amaze
all of you as players for us players
first take on a very special meaning it
all starts with gameplay whether it's a
blockbuster franchise or something
entirely fresh and new it all comes back
to how well it actually plays but it's
not just up to us we need your input as
well we're listening to you your
feedback every day we roasting more
community members in our Studios
bringing you in to meet with our
development teams this year will hold
more betas and play tests but get you
into the games before launch we want
your feedback to shell shape the
experiences that we create the direct
conversation we have with you is where
we can come together as players and game
makers the shared passion we have for
play drives creativity in all our games
including the next two original IPS for
about to show you